# Announcing 666a

Public filings at the Work Environment Authority are one of the key everyday forces that move the Swedish labour market forwards.
But keeping up-to-date with them has always meant remembering to go to the Work Environment Authority's website and manually search for new filings. 
Not any more.
666a is here to empower union representatives, safety officers, and their central union collaborators with a way to stay informed automatically.

Instead of manually navigating to the Work Environment Authority's website and searching for new filings, 666a enables an overworked safety officer or union representative to configure an automated email alert for a given company.
From there, they can rest easy knowing that they'll be notified if any new filings are posted.

666a is an email notification service borne from real-world experience on the front lines of Sweden's labour movement.
At Spotify in 2023, members were hungry for news about the employer's night work dispute with the Work Environment Authority.
But the newly-formed Unionen club was overwhelmed with its many day-to-day operational duties.
Remembering to check the diarium regularly was hard, which was a burden on our situational awareness.
Friends at other companies shared similar experiences.
666a is basically just a tool we wished already existed, and now finally it does.

The launch of this new service happens in the context of a Swedish government that's actively undermining worker power in the labour market.
The government's recent guidance to the Work Environment Authority about increasing the number of safety officers "regardless of union membership" is a transparent attempt to reduce the overall effectiveness of the role by increasing the proportion of practitioners who lack vital outside support.
666a is an emphatic rejection of this vision.
It's a reminder that Sweden's institutional heritage from the 20th century social democrat era is a platform upon which we can innovate rather than garbage to sort and recycle.
In the wider context of a resurgent global workers' movement, 666a suggests an alternate vision where Sweden's strong institutions represent an opportunity for international leadership rather than a barrier to imitating American neoliberalism.

This is a free tool.
It's available to absolutely anyone.
It'll almost certainly be well-received in Sweden's tech industry, where the comparative lack of Collective Bargaining Agreements makes employer collaboration relatively poor in comparison with the rest of the Swedish economy.
It's no replacement for MBL 11 negotiations, but 666a will sure as hell make it harder to keep you in the dark.

Hopefully people from other sectors will find value in it as well.
The Klarna Unionen club has unleashed a wave of new organising in Sweden's tech sector, but we're still relatively isolated from the rest of the country's labour movement.
I'd love if this could also be a useful tool for folks in the more mature end of the movement at unions like Kommunal, Byggnads, and IF Metall.
Anything you can do to help spread the word about 666a is awesome, but I'll be especially grateful to anyone who helps break the news _outside_ the tech bubble.

And don't be a stranger.
Email me at [henry@666a.se](mailto:henry@666a.se) with any questions, ideas, feedback, or whatever the fuck.
I already know it'd be more useful for Kommunal members if you could subscribe to a specific CFAR number instead of getting notifications for every preschool in your city.
What else have I missed?
Let me know.
